🐋👌Add VC Redistributable to base images for python package compatibility (#3)
s-weigand/uv-windows-docker: README.md

# uv-windows-docker

Repo to build and publish windows docker images with uv and multiple python versions installed.

Additionally the latest (2015-2022) Visual Studio Redistributable has been added to the images.

> The repo builds 2 types of images: `server` and `servercore` with as basis respectively:

Reviewer: I think this makes it a bit more clear.

```suggestion
The repo builds 2 images: `server` and `servercore` with the respective base images:
```

Author: Reviewer suggestion adopted and incorporated in commit 087e34076735b42bedc516abebf11506294b2b42.

Slightly reworded again in commit b356ba0c1e1903951e6863695c4396ed28eef08a

- mcr.microsoft.com/windows/server:ltsc2022

> - mcr.microsoft.com/windows/servercore:ltsc2022

Reviewer: Minor readability improvement.
```suggestion
- `mcr.microsoft.com/windows/server:ltsc2022`
- `mcr.microsoft.com/windows/servercore:ltsc2022`
```

Author: Reviewer suggestion adopted and incorporated in commit 087e34076735b42bedc516abebf11506294b2b42.
